turkey is calling for a major
reorganization for international trade
stating that turkey will move along with
using local currencies to do trade in
between Turkey Russia China and Iran as
the US dollar strengthens it becomes
more difficult to do trade in between
these countries as transactions become
more expensive as a result nations in
particular China have begun the process
to rid themselves of the US dollar and
its hegemony you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you let's talk
about this today let's talk about the
currency war that is taking place not
just in between Turkey and the US look
at this because China has been so much
at the forefront in this battle of
currency wars first I want to talk about
this article right here it's very
important we just saw Italy's referendum
and now I want to look yet again at the
brexit issue Britain's Supreme Court
began a historic hearing to decide
whether Parliament has to approve check
this out that Parliament has to approve
the government's brexit negotiations in
a highly charged case that could delay
the country's e.u exit wait a minute
what's happening let me get more into
this before I get my opinion for the
first time ever all 11 Supreme Court
judges convened to hear a government
challenge against the ruling that
Theresa May must seek approval for
starting the brexit process so they need
to invoke article 50 what exactly does
that entail are they allowed to that's
the question now and the Supreme Court
is now acting up
on that the High Court ruled last month
that the government did not have the
executive power alone to do this what
this means to me is that despite the
fact that obviously people want to get
out of the EU it's very clear you don't
need to do this vote in order to know
that they put them in there in the first
place knowing nobody wanted to be an EU
but here it is they're going ahead and
trying to reverse it but even when they
try to reverse it they say wait a second
do you even have the executive power to
do so they're going to try to squash
this down that is very worrisome at this
time hopefully we can push through this
an article 50 will eventually be invoked
last world leader standing the photo
that shows just how much the world has
changed in 2016 you could see the
leaders there everything seems to be
different except for one individual
right in the center here she is is that
she's so lovely you're looking at Turkey
now Turkish president said his country
was moving towards allowing trade with
Russia China and Iran to be conducted in
local currencies as he continues his
efforts to strengthen the falling the
falling lira if we buy something from
them we will use their money if they buy
something from us they will use our
currency so this is no different than
what's happening with the currency swaps
between China and dozens of countries
now they're already undergoing
negotiations discussions with Moscow
Beijing and Tehran on this issue in fact
saying that it the instructions have
already gone to the central banks so
this is not just something that has been
you know discussed in the media try to
scare them and everything this is
actually going ahead as planned no
different as I said
and what's happening with China also he
said if you've got any of that foreign
currency the US dollar the euros under
your pillow it's time now to convert
that into Turkish currency so that they
can go ahead and have the strength to do
more of this don't keep the enemy's
currency essentially as what they're
saying this right here I just I see it
all the time I wanted to highlight it
it's an article talking about Trump is
talking about the impact on your
finances at the end of it all what does
it say diversify your assets okay but if
you're only in your 20s you've still got
a lot to ride this out don't even worry
just keep putting money away in your
retirement account this is by far the
worst strategy that can be done you can
see what's happening with people's
retirement accounts today they are being
looted all around the world and it will
be a fact at some point country after
country will have to admit that these
accounts have been looted and there is
nothing left this is interesting here
Amazon unveils the quote self-driving
brick-and-mortar convenience store so
basically you walk into the store you
scan your phone and that's your sort of
your entrance on the way in you
literally take things off the shelf put
them in your bag and walk out of the
store there is no human interaction at
all even with a cashier no robotics even
needed in order to do a self checkout
you literally take the product and you
walk away this here is the ultimate in
automation and it is of course just beta
test at this time but again cashiers
being a very important part of the
workforce and while they don't earn a
lot they are still in fact part of the
workforce and that is being taken away
and this is the beta test going on right
now
this right here is from a Dutch
basically an asylum Center and you can
see the video if you're interested it's
chaos there this is no different than
what has happened in France recently
which are highlighted as well there's no
organization with this there's nothing
being done it's just sort of just let
the doors open and let it all happen
there needs to be some sort of plan
taking place instead of just letting
everything sort of attempt to self melds
together it doesn't work like that is
clearly not working at all
Republicans Republican success opens the
door to amending the US Constitution I
won't read you the article or anything
from it all I wanted to say was we have
a very dangerous scenario happening here
there isn't always a balance of power
that needs to take place of course you
have two sides of the same coin when
they lie to us about Democrats and
Republicans or liberals and
conservatives but anytime you have an
opportunity to steal this is those in
control an opportunity to steal from the
liberties of the people they do it and
I've seen that how many times before
this is very concerning about amending
the Constitution the founding fathers
had a very very good outlook on what the
Constitution was supposed to look like
and that is basically to keep the
government at bay not for the government
to help us not for the government to be
there to support us in every which way
it is to keep the government at bay
that's the whole point of the US
Constitution all of the the Bill of
Rights and everything else it's to have
that separation in between individuals
and government to keep the states
powerful not the federal government
these are things that I hope do not get
abused if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
of course if you want more information
you'll definitely want to see my book
the money GPS
has diagrams it has charts it has all
sorts of information that make it very
easy to understand these complex
subjects if you want to look through it
head over to Amazon because they have a
look inside feature that will allow you
to flip through the pages of the book
and see if you like take care